The Joe Rogan.
Experience. You know,
and I think one of the reasons for that is we have a rate of something like 2000
species a year being deemed extinct, right?
So when you have that many animals being extinct every year,
there's there's flags being put up, is it really extinct?
Have we looked everywhere? And so this, you know,
I don't want to say I was the first,
but I feel like I was in that wave of first people to start looking into
extinction. Um, as far as an ongoing animals, wrongfully deemed extinct.
And now it's like, it's like mainstream in the biology world. It's like,
there's a lot of people that are like,
I'm going to go see if I can find this thing. Is it.
Because it's a romantic sort of thing? There's a lot of cash.
Like if you can find an S seemed to be extinct Barbara
Russa.
I think so. I think it's very romantic, you know,
as opposed to just setting out to study something that we know that's there,
this like harrowing journey to find this creature that the world has written
off. It's very romantic.
You have you ever heard of the orang? Pendek.
Oh, this is like a, this is a cryptid right? Yes. What is I I've heard this.
Word. Any monkey person. That's right. Did we.
Talk about this last time? We might've.
Yeah, I'm very repetitive. That's.
Okay. I don't mind. It's still fun. It's not in my wheelhouse, you know,
like the cryptids the Lochness.
That's what they think is in Vietnam. Um,
I think it's in Vietnam and maybe some other parts of Southeast Asia and, um,
the, the, the most people thought it was nonsense until the, uh,
homo floresiensis until they found out about that Hobbit person that lives in
the island of Flores. And then they're like, okay, hold on or lived, right.
Say right. As recently as 14,000 years ago. Right?
So when they found out about that thing, they're like, well, mate,
maybe these little are still hanging around, out there somewhere.
Just you're dealing with incredibly dense jungle. And they're very wary.
If you're a person stomping through the jungle, something that lives there,
here's you a mile away for sure. You, you, you're not sneaking up on them.
No. Well, we, this year, um, I went into song dune,
which is the world's largest cave. That was only discovered in 1995.
It's this massive opening, six miles of underground cave.
You know, you don't see daylight for two days,
six miles it's you should look at the pictures of this place. You'll love it.
I mean, it's just this, it looks like something out of avatar. I mean,
this cave you can fit in New York city skyscrapers inside of it. It's so big.
It has its own weather system. Yeah. It's it's where is this song?
So it's in the Annamite mountain range between Vietnam and Laos. And, uh,
we got to go into it this year because we were looking for this habitat.
In fact, this is my show that comes out tonight. Uh,
we were looking for this habitat.
So people can hear animal.
Planet extend your alive. Um, tonight at 9:00 PM on animal planet,
we go into Songdo cave set your DVRs.
Kids plug.
But.
Um, let's see this. Oh my God. Yeah.
There there's, you know, hanging song doing that's the entrance to it. And like,
look at the size of it. The scope of it is.
Nothing to compare it to. What am I looking at? I'm seeing the.
It was a little tense. People, people, those are tents.
There's full lake in there and.
That's inside the tent. I mean, that's inside the key. Yeah.
Look at the wedding cake. That one right there. That's called the wedding cake.
It's yeah, that one. It's this pyres. I mean, it's just,
it's the most fantastic looking thing.
That is a person standing on top of that little Pyre right there for sky.
God. Yeah.
That's insane. It's insane.
More people have summited Everest than have been through that cave.
Wow. Well people summit Evers every day now.
Wow. That's why, but yeah, so we that's the wedding cake.
My God, that's incredible. I have.
A picture just like that. That I'm very proud of.
God. That's so spectacular.
But what's amazing is about two thirds of the way through the system.
You can see where what you're looking at is areas where the cave roof has
collapsed and there's isolated pockets of ecosystem. Right?
So we were talking about the pygmy people that could live in the forest of
Vietnam.
This is the kind of my point is this giant six mile long cave with these huge
openings wasn't even discovered until I think 95.
So what's to say a tribe of small people couldn't hide in something like that
and move in and out and never be seen. I mean, it's, it's fantastic.
There was a stupid movie about people that lived on the ground that eight
people remember that this chicks.
Was that the cave in the sin. The.
Was.
Yeah. So my whole team watched, we, we, we spent like, when we were going,
like leading up to this expedition, we're like, all right,
let's watch a bunch of bad art cave movies before.
The first one's bad. The second one is so bad. It's it's funny. Yeah.
They did a descent too. And you're like, wait, ah.
I'm. You are bringing that up. I stumbled across a video potential.
It's obviously probably not real of an orange pen deck. No, it's.
Totally real. Jamie.
Have you ever seen this? These guys are on bikes,
Dick and this thing runs out in front of them. Let me see.
It doesn't look like CGI is the only thing I'm going with at the moment.
It probably it's obviously, probably.
Definitely a person. It.
Had a tail or something like they would do like freeze frames of it.
What I stopped watching because you guys took me on the cave thing,
but it's a 10 minute video. If you,
neither of you have seen this before that I've never seen it in a.
New there in.
Vietnam. I think so, bro,
if they were just out riding their bikes in this thing,
they caught it on their GoPros and they're trying to find it.
Let's see that they could also be trying to troll everyone on the internet.
I don't know.
No. These guys have a troll, uh, video. I mean, what is their,
their YouTube page? Have you gone to any.
It's on a, it's like on a big foot Webster Sasquatch Crump was this.
It remember in men and black, how they used to always check the, uh,
whatever it was called,
a check like the national Enquirer for like tips on aliens.
Because where else do you go to get this info though?
Let me see this again. Pop out right here.
Here. It goes there, right there.
That's definitely a person or a humanoid. It's really.
Tiny. Whatever it.
Is. Yeah.
That's right. I'm pretty fast. Well,
it also could be like. Yeah, yeah. Could be,
but it could be a little monkey person like me.
We know those little monkey people were real. Yeah, exactly. God.
Imagine if that's real.
And keep in mind. And again, I'm not like a huge crypted guy, but keep in mind,
you know, as a, as a homosapien, they have a higher intellect,
which means they're better at avoiding people. Right. So it's, you know, it's,
it's not unreasonable to say if it was a group of small humanoids out there that
didn't want to be discovered they could stay hidden.
Yeah. And if it's really small, you know, and,
and also some sort of a hominid that has intelligence,
it's probably got a pretty decent food source in the jungle,
but they would find a dead one. Wouldn't they.
That's always the argument. Right. Why isn't there a road kill?
Yeah. But the thing is like, there is all,
a lot of mountain lions. Good luck finding a dead one.
Yeah. Yeah. There's that look at that.
That's like the best screenshots. That's a tail that looks like a spear. Yeah.
Who knows? Who's what's to say that isn't a short guy,
who's been poaching and he's like, crap, I'm getting busted. Right.
But it doesn't mean it's not fascinating.
And this is the kind of stuff that we Wade through in droves to try and figure
out, you know, are these animals, are these creatures?
That's so weird. Got it.
I'm such a sucker though. Oh, that thing looks like it's wearing shorts,
dude. Doesn't it?
Yeah. Yeah. And it's running.
Exactly like a person that's a little false, but it's so little right.
Incredible kid. That's the thing about the, it could be a little kid. Yeah.
But that's the thing about the orange pen deck is that they think it was like
the homo floresiensis I think they think it's really the same thing in the homo
floresiensis was really a three-foot tall four feet. Yeah. Right? Yeah.
Some subset. Yup. That's another image. Oh, wow.
Yeah. That looks like a little person, man. It looks weird though.
It's got a hat.
That's where we're in a Disneyland.
They're pointing out the ears because it matches the orange pen deck images of
that.
Sasquatch type head or something. Dude.
That is a person with a stick and they're.
And there that creature looks naked. It doesn't look like there's shorts on.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It does. So how tall do you think that is?
That looks really short, fast. I mean short and like three feet tall.
Going into tall grass. Right? What's that three foot grass. Four foot grass.
That's so weird. Okay. So here's a size comparison. See,
I'm such a sucker. Look at, look out, look, there's a size comparison.
That is tiny, man. It's tiny.
It's really tiny.
Oh my God. It's real.
I want to believe so bad. It's such a moral.
It's such a moron when it comes to this stuff.
I believe in big foot for so long yesterday, so bad.
It's between 80 and 150 centimeters,
which is somewhere between 30 and 60 inches tall. So it's three to five feet,
three to.
Four feet. Tiny little thing. It's amazing.
I hope it's real. Yeah, I do too. I do too. Yeah. I mean, it's fantastic.
Do you hope.
Would you rather not knowing and it lives or someone
kills it and you find out that it's real.
I'd rather not knowing and it lives meat for.
Sure. Yeah. Me too. But I feel like a. Yeah. I want to know,
but I don't want it to die. Right, right. You know what? Come on, man.
Just tell me.
Blurry. Does the line get in that situation because it's, it's humanoid. Right?
So it's like,
it's not like you're catching and putting them in zoos to breed them and keep
the population up. Like that gets really dicey.